Update how_to_train.md (#1003)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/how_to_train.md

If you generate text by purely sampling from the model distribution things work fine in general. But when you use the `generate` method there are a few caveats because it does not always purely sample depending on the settings which can cause KL-divergence to go negative. Essentially when the active model achieves `log_p_token_active < log_p_token_ref` we get negative KL-div. This can happen in a several cases:

- **top-k sampling**: the model can smooth out the probability distribution causing the top-k tokens having a smaller probability than those of the reference model but they still are selected
- **min_length**: this ignores the EOS token until `min_length` is reached. thus the model can assign a very low log prob to the EOS token and very high probs to all others until min_length is reached

> - **batched generation**: finished sequences in a batch are padded until all generations are finished. The model can learn to assign very low probabilities to the padding tokens unless they are properly masked or removed.

Reviewer: should be a comma instead a period.
```suggestion
- **min_length**: this ignores the EOS token until `min_length` is reached, thus the model can assign a very low log prob to the EOS token and very high probs to all others until min_length is reached
```

> - **batched generation**: finished sequences in a batch are padded until all generations are finished. The model can learn to assign very low probabilities to the padding tokens unless they are properly masked or removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **min_length**: this ignores the EOS token until `min_length` is reached, thus the model can assign a very low log prob to the EOS token and very high probs to all others until min_length is reached
```suggestion
- **min_length**: this ignores the EOS token until `min_length` is reached, thus the model can assign a very low log prob to the EOS token and very high probs to all others until min_length is reached
```

Reviewer: Not sure why the commit suggestion was weird 🤦‍♂️

Author: lol, I see
